Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What's wrong?
What's she doing?
Is she Eom Hye-rin's daughter?
How did Eom die?
Was Eom murdered?
Don't be afraid. Anna.
Your name is Anna. right?
Say 'yes.'
You can't do that.
Alright.
Anna.
Can you tell me what happened yesterday?
I...I don't know.
Come on.
What you said before.
Tell her the truth.
Detective. you can't do this.
Stay outside.
Doctor.
This is a very timely investigation.
Kids forget easily.
so we need her testimony now.
It's now or never.
SLEEP AID
She's just lost her mom.
She's lost her whole world.
I killed my mom.
What?
Say that again.
I killed my mom.
Turn the lights off!
-Turn it down!
-Why isn't she moving?
Look. my muse.
-Your muse?
-Yeah. look at her.
Come on. She's fine.
-Two muses here.
-Let's go party.
Wait a minute.
I didn't kill her.
Surprised?
Come on. let's go.
I didn't kill her.
I...I didn't kill her.
EPISODE 2
WOMEN
MEN
Since when was Reserve Forces so tough?
Oh. you didn't know?
The North Koreans
keep making nuclear bombs
because they're scared of us.
-Come on out.
-Got it. buddy.
What? My uniform?
I left it here.
So. you lost the handyman.
I'm sorry.
Oh. well.
People can only live up
to their capacities.
And your capacity was just this much.
Alright.
Thank you.
Ma...Ma'am. I will find him.
Give me a little time.
A little.
A little...
In a little bit.
that man could meet a reporter.
in a little bit.
he could make a fortune from
another candidate.
A little. you said?
I...I...
I'm so. so sorry.
Ma'am. with all due respect.
may I say something?
That won't happen.
How are you so sure?
He worked for me when I was at
Special Missions.
We couldn't have captured him with JSS.
So. JSS is not incompetent.
he's just that great?
It's true.
He was wrongfully discharged
from the unit.
Then worked as an elite
fighter at a PMC called Blackstone.
Blackstone? Elite?
-By PMC. you mean...
-Yes.
It's a global booming war agency.
And he was a high-ranking soldier
who worked at Iraq.
So. someone hired this man...
That's not true.
Reasons being?
He's a fugitive now.
Fugitive?
He's currently on the run from Blackstone.
The Interpol is out to get him too.
I heard a rumor that he's moved to IS.
Only when I saw the footage.
did I find out he's actually hiding here.
Okay. sure.
So. anyway.
JSS can't handle this. right?
No. ma'am.
Nobody can survive a gun shot.
I'll make sure...
Can you at least find out where he is?
Yes?
-I'll find him and...
-Secretary Kim.
Yes. ma'am.
When you hear of his whereabouts.
take care of him yourself.
Yes. ma'am.
Ma'am. just give me a chance.
He's too good to eliminate.
If we could get our hands on him...
-Chief Ju.
-Yes.
Just protect our Senator.
You let me down yesterday.
I'm sorry.
Senator will be down soon.
Yes.
Yeah. you can leave now.
Yes. yes.
Oh my.
What's with the faces?
She scolded you?
Why. because of me?
Oh. no. no.
Ah...
I think it is because of me.
Relax.
This happens all the time.
How shameless. huh?
We're business partners.
let alone a married couple.
shouldn't he at least say sorry?
Still...
Still. you are saddened by him?
Saddened?
Just take care of the handyman.
You heard how dangerous he is.
Don't worry.
-And...
-What now?
It's Anna.
Anna?
We got her. no?
Yeah. but...
Something happened overnight.
What?
What is this?
While she was on the run.
someone took a picture.
-Then...
-But.
the person who posted this was
-Jean-Paul Lafelt.
-What?
Jean-Paul Lafelt.
The designer Paul Lafelt?
And people online are raving
over the so-called angel of Paul Lafelt.
They're digging into who she is.
Don't worry.
We'll make sure this stays hidden.
Hidden?
I hear it again.
What's wrong with you all?
I'm sorry.
How do we stop it?
If Paul Lafelt is after her.
reporters. paparazzi.
all of Europe will be after her!
I think...
-We can just cause an "accident."
-What?
Anna is the only way
to control Jang Se-joon.
If something happens to Anna.
how will we keep him under control?
I'm sorry.
Yes.
I'd rather keep an eye on her myself.
What?
Bring Anna. right now.
But if she's here.
I'm afraid that you'll be annoyed.
It's the elections soon!
Who cares about how I feel?
Move it.
Yes!
They look alike.
-What's the schedule today?
-Yes. sir.
Meeting with the Parents' Coalition.
lunch with Traditional Market Committee.
then a press conference.
a junior politicians meeting.
-and then...
-Jesus Christ.
Oh. yes. um...
all of this is mandatory.
Okay. okay.
-Chief Ju.
-Yes. sir.
You got any smokes?
Let's stop at a quiet place.
Yes. sir.
Oh. Senator.
what trouble will you get in today?
Senator.
There is security in the car.
and we can trust him as well.
-Speak comfortably.
-Oh. sure.
Those we can trust will
never betray us. huh?
-Jeong.
-Yes. sir.
Why don't you go for a smoke too?
Yes. yes. sir.
You know why he's so damn sensitive.
Yes.
What about Anna?
She made it home safe.
I know that.
She's still the same.
Still has social phobia.
It would be nice if you could see her.
You know I can't do that right now.
I'm pathetic as a dad. huh?
Chief Ju.
Yes.
You're also on Choi Yoo-jin's side.
But I'm the future president.
Of course.
I'll be the one making you
Security Service Chief.
Until then. you're the only one
who can take care of her.
Only you.
Sure. I don't deserve to
be called a father.
and I know how much she hates me.
But that child is the reason.
She's why I've lived as
Choi Yoo-jin's puppet.
So. make sure you tell that woman this.
If the hostage dies.
the kidnapper dies too.
If anything happens to her.
everything that woman's
been planning for years
will all go to waste.
I won't tell her.
And Anna...
I'll protect her no matter what.
Thanks.
Come on!
The car's acting up on me too.
Shit.
Phew.
You know what you're doing?
If not. go away.
Why don't you call insurance?
If I had insurance. would I be here?
Call a tow car.
If I could afford that.
I'd have insurance.
Sure.
Grandpa. give me your gloves.
You know what you're doing?
What if you break it more?
There's not much more to break.
-Give me that.
-Yes. this.
Sheesh.
God.
Yes!
-Hi.
-Oh my.
Hello.
We could've talked outside.
You didn't have to come all the way here.
Oh. but you're busy.
Oh. look. look.
Man. this is a very bad boy.
We must catch him.
but we don't know where he is.
Oh. come on.
You should report this to a station.
get a warrant. and
start an official investigation.
Want me to call an officer for you?
You crazy?
Why would I be here if I'd do that?
Look at me.
This is free insurance
that I'm offering you.
-What?
-What do you think...
is the probability that our Senator
will become president?
I don't know.
He's popular but...
-He's an independent.
-Right?
But...
The higher-ups there think differently.
Candidate Jang Se-jun won't be
independent for long.
He's joining...
This is a secret.
Now. what do you think the probability is?
Popularity plus an organization.
Don't you want this insurance?
How can I help you?
Wait. wait.
Stay still. Be careful.
Okay.
-Go.
-Got a lawnmower?
-Lawnmower?
-Yes.
What do you want with that?
I can mow the lawn.
I'm broke. forget it.
No. I won't charge.
Is it at that warehouse?
I said don't work!
I'll feed you as promised.
Sleep there and head out tomorrow.
It won't open.
Wait for a minute.
He'll open it up.
We got signal.
What you doing?
Hurry up. you bastards.
Yes!
Excuse me.
Doesn't she want a meal?
She said don't wake her up.
I see.
Had too much to drink.
I see. Enjoy your flight.
Anna. get dressed.
Dad's waiting for you.
My dad?
Drink. it's for motion sickness.
And Dad?
If you drink this. he'll come.
You're lying.
Yes. I'm lying.
Your dad is not coming.
I want my dad. Take me to him.
I'm sorry. that's all.
We barely get by.
I'm fine.
I'm sorry
for lashing out.
I found it.
Where is he?
Here.
-When was this?
-This morning.
But he disappeared after the bathroom.
He changed his clothes.
Track everyone here.
Yes. sir!
Come on.
Save me. please.
You want a sip?
We held a ritual for our dead son.
We were on our way from the temple.
Fruits are like children.
Without a guardian.
they end up like this.
We're closing it.
The owner's never coming back.
I'll cut them all and set them on fire.
Hey.
Can you cut these for me?
-You sure?
-Yes.
Rip it down.
I can't do it
with my hands.
Yes. sir.
Right.
I feel much better.
Help me out tomorrow.
I'll pay you in cash.
I'm so happy.
I feel so good!
Come on!
Come on. come on. come on!
Good luck!
Oh. good. good!
We need to catch him.
You get tired. huh?
Just try a little harder. huh?
Yes.
Chop them down!
President! President!
We found him.
You found him?
You can stay for longer if you want.
If you insist. I will.
-It's good.
-Yes.
It's a dead man's clothes.
If you're not bothered.
you can wear these.
Oh. perfect for me.
Thank you.
Grandpa.
-Got more blades?
-No.
I'll go buy one.
Is she alright?
No. no. just had a lot to drink.
Call me if you need me.
No.
What are you doing?
Now. let me ask you again.
Where is this guy?
I don't know!
He left this morning.
I see.
I have no choice.
What. what are you doing?
Oh. no. no. no. no!
Don't do this. don't do this!
Please!
No!
No. no. no. no!
Stop!
Oh. my.
Who sent you?
I truly wish
I could tell you.
Yeah. they all say that.
It's nothing personal.
I'm just trying to get by.
We're pros.
I'm sorry. It's not personal either.
I'm just trying to get by.
You and I are pros.
You understand.
Even if it's not me.
someone would kill you.
Yes.
I died a long time ago.
But look. shithead.
I understand that you want me killed.
but I don't understand why
you'd do that to that couple.
What?
You mean I tried to
kill those geezers for fun?
Anyone who hides you will die.
That was my order.
So. those people
will die because of you.
Yes.
You can tell me right now who sent you
or you can tell me in ten minutes.
I hate noise.
Let's start.
Who is it?
Ma'am.
Did you eat?
You're all grown up.
Pretty. just like your mother.
Demon.
Who. me?
Why?
You can't do that
to someone who raised you.
Think about what you did to a 9-year-old
who knows nothing.
Were you sad?
I see.
But you need to understand.
I did it for you and your father
I remember it all now.
Mom didn't kill herself.
Yes.
Why didn't you just become a nun?
I don't think you can eat.
Pity. huh?
I won't be able to see you eat
when I cooked a wonderful meal.
She doesn't want to eat yet. Send it up.
Yes. ma'am.
Oh my God!
You surprised me!
Wow.
More handsome than I thought.
The handyman. right?
I thought you'd look more burly.
You made it in. huh?
I didn't think you'd show up right here.
I came to warn you.
Me and people around me.
Leave us alone.
Or else?
Or else
Wherever you are.
I'll come looking for you.
This first meeting is just a warning.
but on our second meeting.
I will kill you.
Just like Chief Ju said.
What did he say?
Attacking the origin?
He said you people learn to
attack the origin of the attack
when attacked.
After learning that.
it was easy to catch you.
I'm sorry.
You saw something you shouldn't have
at the wrong place
and the wrong time.
So I can't help it.
Is this how you love
the husband you bought?
Love.
How easy?
To think I can afford to love
in a life like this.
I envy you.
That reminds me.
I have a question.
Why are you here?
At first. I couldn't understand
why you'd come here.
You're a fugitive.
You could run away your whole life.
I couldn't let
innocent people die because of me.
Innocent people?
Those orchard people?
Didn't you just meet them?
You're taking this risk just for them?
That's the reason?
You wouldn't understand.
You forgot reasons like this long ago.
People say when war lasts for too long.
people forget why they began
in the first place.
I'm sorry.
You're a great person.
I wish we'd met at a better time.
We could have been friends.
Don't...
mess with them.
Orchard? They really know nothing?
No. they don't.
Alright.
I feel that I can believe what you say.
Okay. I believe you.
But I can't let them live.
Stop!
This is not a toy.
Feeling like I can trust you.
and risking my future for your words
are two different things.
You'll regret this soon.
You shouldn't have given me a warning.
Because we will have no
second meeting.
Take him.
Make it painless.
You must be working hard.
Hi. What are you doing here?
Oh. some guy
stole a motorcycle and ran off. you know?
And someone saw
the motorcycle coming this way.
-This way?
-Yes.
You must be wrong.
So I'm saying.
if that thief did come here.
he's pretty damn unlucky. you know?
This is like the mouth of the tiger.
Oh. is it that one?
What?
Oh. wait.
Give me the number.
Hold on.
Yes. 3812.
No. three like tree. Then eight.
And one and two. 3812. Got it.
You sure?
It is the stolen motorcycle.
You see?
What happened here?
Nothing!
No. no. something happened.
A rat in the garage.
Come and get him. okay?
There's a rat?
That's a problem.
Go now. huh?
Go?
No. I have to preserve the place of crime.
-What?
-I mean!
If a motorcycle got stolen. forensics team
needs to come and find out who did it.
We do forensics now too. you know?
It's not like old times.
And I'm the first observer.
We must preserve this place.
What?
Crazy.
Oh. looks like the rat is
making a mess of the house.
Shit.
Where?
Yes. I see.
I'm on my way.
This is the
second meeting.
Shoot.
Do it.
Shoot!
Help me.
Please save me.
Save me.
Shoot! Shoot!
This looks more like
a man who stayed up taking
care of his wife.
I will win this fight. everyone!
Don't mess with people around me.
You can't go home now.
The brakes won't work!
Oh. there're other people
who want you dead.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm